❝Death smiles at us all, all a man can do is smile back.❞ 
☠️ Marcus Aurelius ☠️

❝Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils.❞  
☠️ Hector Berlioz ☠️

❝When you go into court you are putting your fate into the hands of twelve people who weren't smart enough to get out of jury duty.❞
☠️ Norm Crosby ☠️

❝If you're too open-minded; your brains will fall out.❞ 
☠️ Lawrence Ferlinghetti ☠️

❝Growing old was simply a process of drawing closer to that ultimate independence called death.❞  
☠️ Martha Ostenso ☠️

❝Death has but one terror, that it has no tomorrow.❞ 
☠️ Eric Hoffer ☠️

❝How wonderful is death! Death and his brother sleep.❞ 
☠️ Percy Bysshe Shelley ☠️

❝The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what you don't like, and do what you'd rather not.❞
☠️ Mark Twain ☠️

❝The fear of death follows from the fear of life. A man who lives fully is prepared to die at any time.❞  
☠️ Mark Twain ☠️ 

❝Dream as if you'll live forever. Live as if you'll die today.❞  
☠️ James Dean ☠️

❝Son, if you really want something in life, you have to work for it. Now quiet, they're about to announce the lottery numbers.❞ 
☠️ Matt Groening ☠️

❝To conquer death you only have to die.❞ 
☠️ Alane Ferguson ☠️

❝Despise not death, but welcome it, for nature wills it like all else.❞ 
☠️ Marcus Aurelius ☠️

❝Every Man is put on this Earth to Die, Time and Method of Execution Unknown.❞ 
☠️ Rod Serling ☠️

❝Death is nothing to us, since when we are, death has not come, and when death has come, we are not.❞
☠️ Epicurus ☠️

❝You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.❞
☠️ Mae West ☠️

❝Somebody should tell us, right at the start of our lives, that we are dying. Then we might live life to the limit, every minute of every day. Do it! I say. Whatever you want to do, do it now! There are only so many tomorrows.❞
☠️ Pope Paul VI ☠️

❝What a simple thing death is, just as simple as the falling of an autumn leaf.❞
☠️ Vincent Van Gogh ☠️

❝I do not fear death. I had been dead for billions and billions of years before I was born, and had not suffered the slightest inconvenience from it.❞
☠️ Mark Twain ☠️

❝Boy, when you're dead, they really fix you up. I hope to hell when I do die somebody has sense enough to just dump me in the river or something. Anything except sticking me in a goddam cemetery. People coming and putting a bunch of flowers on your stomach on Sunday, and all that crap. Who wants flowers when you're dead?❞
☠️ J. D. Salinger ☠️

❝Death is more universal than life; everyone dies but not everyone lives.❞
☠️ Andrew Sachs ☠️

❝When I Die, Plant me upside down, so the “Whole World can Kiss My Ass’!❞
☠️ Randy Pollitt ☠️

❝I take my skills to the grave with me, My secrets too, lol!❞
☠️ Randy Pollitt ☠️

❝What! Do you want to live forever? Today is just as good a day to die as any!❞
☠️ Randy Pollitt ☠️

❝Death did him no hurt; When alive he was only Mudd, but now he's only dirt.❞
☠️ Mel Blanc ☠️

❝I would rather die a thousand deaths than surrender.❞
☠️ Robert E. Lee ☠️

❝A revolution is a struggle to the death between the future and the past.❞
☠️ Fidel Castro ☠️

❝Good news for senior citizens: Death is near!❞
☠️ George Carlin ☠️ 

❝To argue with a person who has renounced the use of reason is like administering medicine to the dead.❞
☠️ Thomas Paine ☠️

❝Either he's dead or my watch has stopped.❞
☠️ Groucho Marx ☠️

❝Because gold is honest money, it is disliked by dishonest men.❞
☠️ Ron Paul ☠️

❝Money is Gold, and nothing else!❞
☠️ J. P.  Morgan - 1912 ☠️

❝There is no justification for taking away individuals' freedom in the guise of public safety.❞ 
☠️ Thomas Jefferson ☠️

❝Timid men prefer the calm of despotism to the tempestuous sea of liberty.❞
☠️ Thomas Jefferson ☠️

❝A society that will trade a little liberty for a little order will lose both, and deserve neither.❞ 
☠️ Thomas Jefferson ☠️

❝If I had to choose between government and a free press, I would choose a free press.❞ 
☠️ Thomas Jefferson ☠️

❝Truth, like gold, is to be obtained not by its growth, but by washing away from it all that is not gold.❞ 
☠️ Leo Tolstoy ☠️

❝Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.❞ 
☠️ Alan Dundes ☠️

❝Never argue with stupid people, they will drag you down to their level and then beat you with experience.❞ 
☠️ Mark Twain ☠️

❝Error, no keyboard. Press F1 to continue.❞ 
☠️ Woody Allen ☠️

❝If you think you are too small to make a difference, try sleeping with a mosquito.❞ 
☠️ Dalai Lama ☠️

❝The best advice I've ever received is, 'No one else knows what they're doing either.❞ 
☠️ Ricky Gervais ☠️

❝If you find it hard to laugh at yourself, I would be happy to do it for you.❞ 
☠️ Groucho Marx ☠️

❝I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying.❞
☠️ Oscar Wilde ☠️

❝You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life.❞
☠️ Winston Churchill ☠️

❝Life is hard; it's harder if you're stupid.❞
☠️ John Wayne ☠️

❝The surest sign that intelligent life exists elsewhere in the universe is that it has never tried to contact us.❞ 
☠️ Bill Watterson ☠️

❝My psychiatrist told me I was crazy and I said I want a second opinion. He said okay, you're ugly too.❞ 
☠️ Rodney Dangerfield ☠️

❝The only reason some people get lost in thought is because it's unfamiliar territory.❞ 
☠️ Paul Fix ☠️

❝Always borrow money from a pessimist. He won't expect it back.❞ 
☠️ Oscar Wilde ☠️

❝Some cause happiness wherever they go; others, whenever they go.❞ 
☠️ Oscar Wilde ☠️

❝If you try to fail, and succeed, which have you done?❞ 
☠️ George Carlin ☠️

❝Money is not everything but it ranks right up there with oxygen.❞ 
☠️ Zig Ziglar ☠️

❝My doctor told me that jogging could add years to my life. I think he was right. I feel ten years older already.❞
☠️ Milton Berle ☠️

❝I have learned from my mistakes, and I am sure I can repeat them exactly.❞ 
☠️ Peter Cook ☠️

❝True terror is to wake up one morning and discover that your high school class is running the country.❞
☠️ Kurt Vonnegut ☠️

❝Suppose you were an idiot, and suppose you were a member of Congress; but I repeat myself.❞
☠️ Mark Twain ☠️

❝If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of car payments.❞
☠️ Earl Wilson ☠️

❝A bank is a place that will lend you money if you can prove that you don't need it.❞
☠️ Bob Hope ☠️

❝My doctor gave me six months to live, but when I couldn't pay the bill he gave me six months more.❞
☠️ Walter Matthau ☠️

❝If you're too open-minded; your brains will fall out.❞
☠️ Lawrence Ferlinghetti ☠️

❝I want you to be nice... until it's time... to not be nice.❞ 
☠️ Dalton ☠️

❝Why do they call it ❝rush hour❞ when nothing moves?❞
☠️ Robin Williams ☠️

❝When you go to work, if your name is on the building, you're rich. If your name is on your desk, you're middle class. And if your name is on your shirt, you're poor.❞  
☠️ Rich Hall ☠️

❝The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what you don't like, and do what you'd rather not.❞ 
☠️ Mark Twain ☠️

❝Son, if you really want something in life, you have to work for it. Now quiet, they're about to announce the lottery numbers.❞ 
☠️ Matt Groening ☠️

❝To be sure of hitting the target, shoot first, and call whatever you hit the target.❞
☠️ Ashleigh Brilliant ☠️ 

❝The man who smiles when things go wrong has thought of someone to blame it on.❞ 
☠️ Robert Bloch ☠️

❝I looked up my family tree and found out I was the sap.❞ 
☠️ Rodney Dangerfield ☠️

❝I’m nice. Until you give me a reason not to be nice.❞
☠️ Hewnly ☠️

❝I was taking my dog out the other day and I met this chap who asked me where I was going. The dog is foaming at the mouth, so I explained that I was on my way to the vet to have it put down. He asked if it was mad, to which I replied that it wasn't exactly pleased about it.❞
☠️ Chic Murray ☠️

❝I was thinking about how people seem to read the Bible a whole lot more as they get older; then it dawned on me . . they’re cramming for their final exam.❞ 
☠️ George Carlin ☠️

❝The government is good at one thing. It knows how to break your legs, and then hand you a crutch and say, "See if it weren't for the government, you wouldn't be able to walk.❞ 
☠️ Harry Browne

❝A man falls down a flight of stairs and somebody rushes over to him and asks, Did you miss a step? No, he answers, I hit every one of them!❞
☠️ Milton Berle ☠️

❝This woman goes into a gun shop and says, 'I want to buy a gun for my husband.' The clerk says, 'Did he tell you what kind of gun?' 'No,' she replied. 'He doesn't even know I'm going to shoot him.❞ 
☠️ Phyllis Diller ☠️

❝A girl phoned me the other day and said... 'Come on over, there's nobody home.' I went over. Nobody was home.❞
☠️ Rodney Dangerfield ☠️

❝I tell ya, I knew my morning wasn't going right. When I put on my shirt the button fell off, when I picked up my briefcase, the handle fell off, I tell ya, I was afraid to go to the bathroom.❞
☠️ Rodney Dangerfield ☠️

❝My own view is that this planet is used as a penal colony, lunatic asylum and dumping ground by a superior civilisation, to get rid of the undesirable and unfit. I can't prove it, but you can't disprove it either.❞
☠️ Christopher Hitchens ☠️

❝It seems as though I were in a lunatic asylum, but I am never sure who is the attendant and who the inmate.❞
☠️ James Bryant Conant ☠️

❝I've never been lucky. The day my ship came in, I was at the airport.❞
☠️ Rodney Dangerfield ☠️

❝When I was a kid my parents moved a lot, but I always found them.❞
☠️ Rodney Dangerfield ☠️

❝Maybe it's true that life begins at fifty. But everything else starts to wear out, fall out, or spread out.❞
☠️ Phyllis Diller ☠️

❝A young man fills out an application for a job and does well until he gets to the last question, "Who Should we notify in case of an accident?" He mulls it over and then writes, "Anybody in sight!”❞
☠️ Milton Berle ☠️

❝I may not be playing with a full deck but I don't need a full deck. I have four aces.❞
☠️ Jonathan Winters ☠️

❝A girl phoned me the other day and said... 'Come on over, there's nobody home.' I went over. Nobody was home.❞
☠️ Rodney Dangerfield ☠️

❝War is rich old men protecting their property by sending middle class and lower class young men off to die. It always has been.❞
☠️ George Carlin ☠️

❝If work is so terrific, how come they have to pay you to do it?❞
☠️ George Carlin ☠️

❝I tell ya, I knew my morning wasn't going right. When I put on my shirt the button fell off, when I picked up my briefcase, the handle fell off, I tell ya, I was afraid to go to the bathroom.❞
☠️ Rodney Dangerfield ☠️

❝I often warn people: "Somewhere along the way, someone is going to tell you, 'There is no "I" in team.' What you should tell them is, 'Maybe not. But there is an "I" in independence, individuality and integrity.❞
☠️ George Carlin ☠️

❝The longer I live, the more convinced am I that this planet is used by other planets as a lunatic asylum.❞
☠️ George Bernard Shaw ☠️
